Martin here I'm just going to show you a
real quick trick on removing and
replacing your reservoir tank you may do
this because you bought a new pump
didn't come with a reservoir and
personally in my opinion that's the way
to go buy it without the reservoir as
long as the one that you have is fine
because they're really easy to change
out ok first clamp it into a vise all
you need is two tools small hammer and
the screwdriver itself you kind of got
to be fussy about by the way it fits
into this groove right here which I'll
show ya alright what you want to do is
get a screwdriver that can get in here
and pull this tab up right here see how
you're able to pull that up right there
to that level point and what you're
going to do is place your screwdriver in
here lift this up and just give your
screwdriver up tap the hammer in soon as
you get it to that point right there
now that tab is being held up by the
piece of aluminum on the other side here
now you can just drive this off
remove the pump turn it upside down do
the same thing alright slip that up you
get even once you lift it up tap it here
on the metal right there if you want
right then at that point now a note
about these there is a top and a bottom
if you take both of these and look at
them you'll notice they're different
they're opposite of each other alright
so I know this is the top I'm going to
make sure you could probably even force
it on wrong but and then you do some
damage all right well we got those
removed now all you got to do is grab a
hold of this BAM that's all there's to
it now when you're applying reinstalling
it just make sure there's plenty of like
power steering fluid on the o-ring ok
let's say this is the new pump push it
on just like that it may go on a little
bit harder for you and you just kind of
rock it on there give it a good push
now you'll snap right on
there it is okay
just tap it on lightly until it actually
stops they'll position the tank in the
correct spot here we have it alright
thanks for watching